Reviewer 1 of ICRA 2015 submission 23

Comments to the author
======================

This paper introduces a new MRI-based self-assembly Gauss
gun for millirobots to generate large impulsive forces to
penetrate tissue. The authors provide a comprehensive
discussion on the theory and design of the new device. The
experimental results show promising preliminary performance
of the new MRI-Gauss gun. The paper is pretty well written
and the idea flow is very clear. I've also noticed the
video attachment is interesting and convincing.

The following are some suggestions:

In the experiment section (i.e., Section IV), I would like
to suggest a comparison with traditional Gauss gun, at
least in the experiments of penetration tests. Although the
experimental results based on the proposed Gauss gun looks
promising, without comparison with traditional devices, it
is hard to evaluate the performance improvement.

In the design section (i.e., Section III), the authors
select values of the four parameters and materials based on
theoretical analysis. I am wondering whether the authors
perform any experiments to test the effects of different
parameter values and materials? This set of experiments can
be important to validate the correctness of the theoretical
analysis, and may be able to reveal new conclusions.

Since the title of the paper emphasizes "MRI-powered
millirobots", I expected more details on how the MRI-Gauss
gun can be installed and used by millirobots. In addition,
it seems from the video that the prototype (as in Fig. 9)
can be well controlled. It can be helpful to provide more
details on how the prototype are controlled (and
navigated). Last thing I've noticed from the video is that
the Gauss gun components can be misaligned during contact,
so how does this misalignment affect the performance? 


Comments on the Video Attachment
================================

The one minute video clear explains the contribution and
novelty of the approach and shows its promising
performance.